+---
label: v0.3.0
title: It works!
emoji: 🐾 - paw prints
date: 2022-08-31
+---

## Release Notes

This release works and implement the session key pattern. It can now be used as
a basis for bigger projects. The features that have been developped since
v0.2.0 includes:

- a user and a contributor documentation.
- technical tools to help debug the project and perform technical operations
  like delete the sessionkey from outside.
- the implementation of the starknet.js 4+ interfaces in the extension.
- a fully functional demo website, starkpilled that has been rewritten and
  interact with Starknet via the extension. It can be installed on a mobile
  phone as a PWA. It works with Safari and Chrome and Firefix in incognito
  mode.
- an automatic deployment of all the components, including: the extension
  available in npmjs as @starknet/burner; starkpilled and keyring in vercel.
- an object compatible with `get-starknet` has been developped and injected in
  `window['starknet-burner]` and includes all the required properties and
  methods.
- the automatic injection of the plugin properties in the account `execution`
  and `estimateFee` methods.
- the signer, provider and account exposed in the extension.
- the removal of all references to wallet as it is in reality a key manager.
- a version label injected in every one of the projects.
- an automatic publication of the session token from `drone` as well as the
  automatic download from `keyring`.
- the copy/paste of the address from the iframe.
- a full rewrite of `extension` and `keyring`; the former in vanilla typescript
  and the later with nextjs as well as a messaging system for the 2 to interact
  together.
- a third-party iframe to serve `keyring`.
- the implementattion of the fully functional sessionkey stored in the browser
  session store.
- the deletion of the hackathon version.
